Award winning Montessori in Electronic city, Bangalore
Top class Montessori in Electronic city, Bangalore

 
About Electronic City:
Electronic City is a major technology hub located in Bangalore, Karnataka, India. It is spread across approximately 800 acres and is divided into three phases. The area was developed in the early 1990s to cater to the growing demand for software and electronics companies in Bangalore.

Some of the major IT companies that have their offices in Electronic City include Infosys, Wipro, TCS, HCL Technologies, and Siemens. In addition to IT companies, there are also several educational institutions, hospitals, and residential complexes in the area.

Electronic City is well-connected to other parts of Bangalore via the NICE Ring Road, Hosur Road, and the Bangalore Metro. The area is also home to several shopping malls, restaurants, and entertainment options.
Overall, Electronic City has emerged as a key contributor to the growth and development of Bangalore as a major technology hub, and continues to attract businesses and residents alike.

List of Top class Montessori in Electronic city, Bangalore
	Green DoT Montessori School
	Maa Patashala International Montessori school
	IPL Montessori School and Daycare
	IFL Montessori School
	Glow Montessori Centre
	Tharakans Montessori E-city
	Good Shepherd Montessori
	Little Footprints Montessori
	Brainy Star International
	EuroKids Preschool



Reason why Green Dot Montessori for your kids?
	Top class Montessori based education since 2011
	Award winning Montessori, 5 times in a row.
	6 branches to cater in different parts of Bangalore.
	1:17 student ratio provides individual attention to your little one
	Certified and Experienced Montessori Teachers to facilitate children from the age of 1 year 10 months and above
	Transportation facility available with experienced drivers and attendees in every vehicle.
	A purpose-built infrastructure, well equipped class rooms with high quality learning materials.
	A calm and comfortable environment, to provide a balance of strong academics and cultural values.
	A unique curriculum, dedicated to the principles and philosophy of Dr. Maria Montessori.
	Periodical Parent Teachers Meeting to know the progress of the child.
	Parents are welcome for an Open house presentation for all our four branches to make you feel comfortable and gain confidence.


Green dot Montessori school has been offering education based on Montessori method to children since 2011. Our goal is to help the child to become complete adult human being comfortable with himself, with his society and a humanity as whole.

What’s Unique about Green Dot Montessori?
•	A calm and comfortable environment, to provide a balance of strong academics and cultural values.
•	A purpose-built infrastructure, well equipped class rooms with high quality learning materials.
•	Certified and Experienced Montessori Teachers to facilitate children of age from 1year 8 months and above.
•	A unique curriculum, dedicated to the principles and philosophy of Dr. Maria Montessori.
•	Transportation facility available from home to school and back with experienced drivers and attenders in every vehicle.
•	Periodical Parent Teachers Meeting to know the progress of the child.
•	Parents are welcome for an open house presentation for all our three branches to make you feel comfortable and gain confidence in the objective and motive of GREEN DOT MONTESSORI SCHOOL.
•	Multiple branches to cater the unique qualities of Montessori Method in different part of Bangalore.
•	Green Dot is one of the Best Montessori Schools in Bangalore

Our Branches:

	Chandapura Branch: Ph: 080 27831255
	Bellandur Branch: Ph: 080-41136683
	AECS Layout, Kudlu-Gate: Ph: 080-49539525
	RK Township, Bommasandra Indus Area: Ph: 9945279917
	Bidaraguppe, Sarjapura-Attibele Road: Ph: 9945279917
	Anekal: Ph: 9945279917

Award & Achievements
Best Pre-school in Bengaluru, Awarded by Education World.
